today i am going to explain the movie called i
saw the devil from 2010 spoilers ahead watch out
and take care and i hope you enjoyed at the
beginning of the movie we saw a car in a
very quiet road and then the car stopped beside
the road because one of the tires was punctured
there was a girl in the car and she was taking to
her finance on the phone her finances name was kim
soo while she was taking to her finance a school
van came here a guy came out from the van and
asked her what's wrong the girl told him her car
tire was punctured but i have already called the
tow truck and they will be here in no time the
guy said it's showing heavily and that's why
they will need some time to come here so let me
check it on the other side of the phone kim su
said you told him you have already called the
tow truck but still the guy wants to help you
i think there's something wrong she talked to him
for a while and then cut the call and then we saw
the man told her your tyre is totally
destroyed the girl told him from inside the car
thank you so much for your help but the tow
truck will be here in no time and the guy was
looking at her so creepily and then he went
to his van but he didn't start his van for
very long and he stayed in his van for quite
a while the girl inside the car realized that
something was wrong and doubted him but before
she could start her car the man came to her
car once again and broke the glass and got inside
her car he also injured her and then he took her
with him when the girl woke up she discovered
herself in another place the man took her as
a hostage she realized he was about to kill
her she told him i'm pregnant and i have a
baby inside my belly but still he didn't show any
mercy to her and killed her so brutally some days
later the police found pieces of her dead body
actually her father was a detective for the past
30 years and he became very sad about it even
through he was working as a detective for 30 years
he still could not save his daughter's life then
he said to kim soo forgive me i couldn't save
her kim so was her finance and loved her very much
kimsu was very depressed and broken after his wife
died he had tears in his eyes but he didn't let
anyone notice his tears he was very calm and it
was like the calm before the storm he takes two
weeks of vacation from this job actually kim su
was an agent of the national intelligence agency
and one of his colleagues came to meet him then
he gave him a capsule and told him whoever has his
capsule with them you can see their exact location
on your phone and you can also hear everything
around them but if someone gets to know about it
then both of us will be in huge trouble kim su
said don't worry nothing's going to happen and
then kimsu left kim so went to his father-in-law
to talk about his murdered finance hang joo yoon
then her father who was a detective told him that
we have already arrested four people for this kind
of case then he gave him their photos and detail
schemes who left with the details and photos
then he tortured two of them so brutally but then
he realized that none of them were the killer
then he went to third suspect's house and he had
already left his house and his kids his parents
don't know where he is when kim soo was leaving
the house he saw the son of that third suspect and
his son was suspicious as well then he asked
him do you know where your father is right now
he told him his location kim su went to that place
where the suspect lives when he was searching his
whole room he found a lot of girl stuff in his
dryers then he searched the whole house and found
the ring in the drain this was the ring which
kimsu gave to his finance kim so got so emotional
to see his ring and realized it was the house of
murderer who killed his finance on the other side
we saw zhang kyung chul the psycho killer who
killed his finance he was going somewhere with
girl in his bus in the bus there was a girl and
jong kyung chul was creepily looking at her he
has already killed another girl and at night we
saw that one girl was missing from the school bus
and jong kyung the psycho killer had kidnapped
this girl he took her to his house while young
was sexually assaulting her someone called his
name from the back and young stopped then he went
outside and turned the lights on then he saw that
kim su was standing in front of him young asked
him are you alone kim soo didn't answer him
young told him maybe you are a police officer
i am surprised that the police found me so early
but you don't have any idea about who i am and
then young started running toward kimsu and he had
a knife in his hand but before he could attack him
so he got saved from his knife and then beat him
so badly even though young attacked him too many
times kim was so trained he beat him so badly and
then wrapped his face with plastic as a result he
started choking but kim soo didn't let him go
but when young was about to die he let him go
then kim so found a big rock in front of him
and he was about to kill him with that rock
but he didn't and then kim soo put that capsule
in young's mouth so that he can track and listen
to everything of young but young didn't notice it
because he was unconscious and just like that kim
su saved a girl's life then young woke up he found
an envelope in his hand inside that envelope there
was a lot of money he laughed at the money
and said this police officer was a psycho
and then he left while walking on the road he
found a taxi and asked for a lift there were two
other main inside the taxi on the other side kim
soo was watching his location because he can see
every action of yang in his phone what he is doing
what he is talking about kim su can track all of
this and kim so also started to follow him the
other two men who were in the taxi young killed
them and then he opened the trunk then he saw that
there was already a dead body inside the trunk
which means these two were also criminals like him
they were driving through the highway to through
someone's dead body after killing him young left
these three bodies on the road and left with a car
young was injured so he went to a doctor then he
saw a nurse there and he was so too har when the
nurse went into an isolated room young was already
there then he closed to the door from inside and
the nurse got so scared he told her last night
i was about to have fun with a girl but a guy
came there and destroyed all of my plans and now i
don't want to lose my chance to have fun with you
the nurse requested him to let her go but young
was a psycho so he does not care about anything or
anyone he has no mercy he is an animal in a human
body but before he could sexually abuse her kimsu
came there and then kimsu hit his head from the
back with a cylinder and then he beat young so
badly when young was like half dead the nurse was
trying to get away from him but kimsu told her to
stay she needs to treat him and bandage his owns
then he said to young this is the just beginning
it won't stop soon and this will cost you so much
and then kim soo cuts one of his legs so badly
that his soul also got scared of it he was
screaming so loudly in pain in the next scene we
saw young was getting out of his car by dragging
his body his leg was injured so badly and his hand
was also broken he cannot walk properly and he
doesn't know why kim su is doing this to him and
he was so confused about how he always gets his
exact location he thinks he has some transmitter
device in his body he checked his shoe and his
whole car but he found nothing and then he starts
driving on the highway now he wants to change his
car because he thinks there's something in the car
that was giving kimsu his exact location he
stopped another car but it was the army's car
so he didn't do anything in the next scene we saw
that kim su gets a call from his father-in-law
and told him now you should stop following yang
you have punished him enough now the police will
punish him but kim su doesn't want to stop
he wants to hurt him so badly like he hurt
his fiancee and others on the other side we saw
the young was in a room with two of his friends
one of them was a girl and the other was a
boy and they were so psycho like young young
told them his story how a man was torturing him
and leaving him as well young's friend said he is
hunting you he must be one of someone's family
members whom you killed and then young goes to
a room and starts thinking about who is this man
is then he remembered that kim soo had a ring on
his finger he also remembered whose ring it was
now young understood why he was being tortured
so much on the other side we saw that young's
friend died the owner of that house they were
staying in he look that girl to the kitchen and
before he could kill her kimsu comes their young's
friend got so worried and asked him how did you
came inside without making any noise and then
kim soo beat out of him and then young also came
there all of them started fighting but kimsu beat
them so badly that they were almost dead and
they were so injured that he could never kill
anyone in the future and then he again beat
out of young and young was screaming loudly
in pain the next morning we saw that the police
came into the house and arrested all of them
all of them were injured so badly that's why
they took them to the hospital kim so was
also injured a bit then his friend came there
to meet him he asked him why don't you just hand
over this man to the police kim su said no not now
i will not leave him until i get my revenge on him
for his crime then his friend told him the capsule
will keep working until he gets constipated
kimsu told him to stay quiet because young
so beside him kim soo went to him and
pulled the cover from his face yang was totally
unconscious but actually young was not unconscious
at all he was just acting like he was unconscious
and he heard everything he realized that he had a
transmitter in his body and that's how kim su
was getting his exact location every time and
then kimsu left young in a very quiet place
so that he could try to commit another crime
and he can teach him a lesson once again but now
young knows everything he knows who kim su was
he knows why he was taking device on him and he
also knows that he has a transmitter in his body
and he can still listen to him then say to him i
know you can hear me i have never played any game
like this in my whole life now it will be more
fun i know you are taking revenge on me because
of the girl and i know the location of her house
too now you will regret your whole life because
you didn't kill me when you had the
chance i forgot to tell you one thing
when i was killing your fiance she told me she
was pregnant maybe you didn't know this kim soo
actually didn't know about it yang told him she
begged me to spare her life but i didn't spare
her you should have been with her to save her
and then young went to chemist and brought
some medicine for loose motion then he took out
the capsule from his body he put the capsule in
someone else's body before kimsu went there young
had run away from there now young doesn't know
anything about where he is and what he is doing
then kimsu went to his psycho friend and asked him
where young was he told him you don't understand
young he will give you back the pain you
gave him which means now he will kill the whole
family of your fiance once he kills them all then
you will have no regret if you catch him then
kim soo left the hospital and then kim su's
colleagues received a call from young he told him
that young called him on the wireless and told him
he had some unfinished business and after he
finished it he will surrender to the police
kimsu asked for young's location but when he told
him his location came so god so worried because
it was the location where his fiance's family
lives and now kim soo knows that young want
to kill his fiance's family and young's friends
who is also a psycho like him told kim soo that
young gets much happier when he hurts someone so
badly which means if young can find her family
then he will kill them very slowly and painfully
and that's why kim su wants to get there before
young but kim soo couldn't get there before young
then went to his fiance's house and injured his
fiance's father so badly he also killed fiance's
sister and left kim su came there and saw all of
this kimsu get so sad he realized his mistake if
he had killed him earlier then he wouldn't have
to see this on the other hand young wants to
surrender himself to the police so he called
the police and said that i want to surrender and
then give them a location young wants to surrender
to the police so that kimsu cannot have revenge on
him so he will keep regretting it his whole life
and in this game young will be the actual winner
then young went to the police where the police
were waiting for him before the police
could get him kim su came there and took
him in his car and left then kimsu took him
to that house where he killed his fiancee
he tied him to the exact same place where he
killed all the girls kim su tortured him so badly
young asked him to kill him he said why are you
not killing me but kim su said i don't want to
end this game so easily if i wanted to kill you
then i could have killed you earlier i will kill
you when you feel the most pain of your life when
you will have fear in your eyes that will be my
revenge young says leave me please don't kill
me you have already punished me so much but
then kimsu told him you must have heard this line
so many times from others and now feel this pain
kim so asked him are you afraid but then young
started laughing and said i don't have any fear
or feeling of pain inside me you know this
you have lost everything kimsu said i want to
feel pain even after you die and then kimsu
closed the door and put a rope on his mouth
actually where he was tied he had a blade above
him and if someone pulled the rope from his mouth
then the blade would fall on his neck and cut
it off and then other end of this rope was tied
to the door which means if someone opens the door
the blade will fall on his neck and cut it off
kim soo set everything up and left when he got
outside he saw a taxi behind him young's parents
and his son were in that taxi young was saying
i will stay alive and you cannot kill me
i am not scared of anyone already kim su placed
that capsule in his body and that's how he could
hear everything that young says and then young saw
that his family was standing outside they saw him
and they wanted to go inside to save him young
wanted to tell them not to come inside but if
he lets go of the rope from his mouth then
the blade above his neck will fall on his neck
young's family want to save him but they didn't
know that if they opened the door the rope would
get pulled and the blade would fall on his neck
this was the moment where young had the fear of
death in his eye he has caused his pain and fear
to so many people and now he is in that situation
he wants to shout so loudly and say don't open
the door but he cannot talk but when his parents
were opening the door from the outside then slowly
the rope started to loosen from his mouth and when
they opened the door the blade fell on his neck
and that's how young died kim su was listening to
all of his pain and fear with his headphones as he
died kimsu also started crying he had his revenge
on young but he has lost everything the title of
this movie is i saw the devil many innocent girls
saw young like a devil in their eyes and young
also saw king see us as the devil that was the
story of the movie to watch more explanation for
this kind of movies click on the videos on your
screen and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comment down below
you